[TH2-2094] Update README.MD (#19)
th2-net/th2-act-ui: README.md

![](https://img.shields.io/github/package-json/v/th2-net/th2-act-ui)
![](https://img.shields.io/github/workflow/status/th2-net/th2-act-ui/build%20&%20publish%20release%20image%20to%20ghcr.io)

This app could be used to manually interact with the system under test. There are two modes of interaction:
1. Sending messages to conn components directly
2. Invoking act methods

> This repository only contains a web app. For act-ui to fucntion properly there is required second component: [act-ui-backend](https://github.com/th2-net/th2-act-ui-backend). It has to be deployed and should be accessible on `{act-ui-path}/backend/*` (if act-ui has link `https://cluster-name/namespace-name/act-ui`, act-ui-backend should be accessible on `https://cluster-name/namespace-name/act-ui/backend/`)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This repository only contains a web app. For act-ui to function properly there, is required a second component: [act-ui-backend](https://github.com/th2-net/th2-act-ui-backend). It needs to be deployed and should be accessible on `{act-ui-path}/backend/*` (if act-ui contains the link `https://cluster-name/namespace-name/act-ui`, act-ui-backend should be accessible on `https://cluster-name/namespace-name/act-ui/backend/`)
```

# Architecture
![picture](act-ui-architecture-schema.png)

# Configuration

> To include this component in your schema, a following yml file needs to be created

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To include this component in your schema, the following yml file needs to be created
```
